docs: add nuget link (#341)
waf/CSharpRepl: README.md

## Installation

> C# REPL is a .NET 8 global tool, and runs on Windows, Mac OS, and Linux. It can be installed [from NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/CSharpRepl) via:

Reviewer: For using a badge

```suggestion
C# REPL is a .NET 8 global tool, and runs on Windows, Mac OS, and Linux. It can be installed [![CSharpRepl](https://img.shields.io/nuget/CSharpRepl)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/CSharpRepl) via:
```

Reviewer: Oh sorry, wrong link provided, should be 

`[![CSharpRepl](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/CSharpRepl)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/CSharpRepl)`

[![CSharpRepl](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/CSharpRepl)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/CSharpRepl)

updated

for details: https://shields.io/badges/nu-get-version
